Hello everyone welcome to the section 19 challenge to project in this project.
What I'd like you to do is write an automated grader let me explain what that is.
We want to write a program that reads a file and this file is called response's dot text which I'm providing
for you that file contains the answer key for a quiz that some students have taken as well as the responses
from the students for that quiz.
The structure of the file is really simple.
The first item in the file is the answer key and it's just a simple string with a bunch of letters in
it.
Then you've got student pairs as far as student response student response and so forth.
So here's a sample file you'll see right here on online 17 is the very first line of the file.
That's the answer key.
So in other words the correct answer to this quiz are A B C and D.
Now we've got student response pairs here as you can see there are five students here.
Frank's answers are ABC DNA.
So Frank got five out of five.
Larry got a B C A and C so when they got the ABC part right.
So Larry got to three out of five.
Moe got the B C D E.
He's got a four out of five.
Curley's got the B and D E.
He's got a two or five.
And Michael's got all but the first one so he's got four out of five.
That's it.
So what you have to do is basically read this file process the data and then display the output of the
output display is pretty straightforward.
You can formatted so it looks nice but it looks something like this.
So it'll say student and score it'll display this it'll display the score that they got out of five.
And then at the very end you'll have a little footer that shows the average score in this case 3.6.
You can assume that the data files properly formatted you're always going to have pairs you're not going
to have missing data and you always have at least one student in there.
OK.
So let me give a sample run so you can see what it looks like.
So there's a sample run given this data right here.
And as you can see here I've got the student the score Frank Larry mo Curley and Michael.
And there's a score out of five.
And the average in this case is a 3.6.
So here you'll get a chance to read a file to do some processing and you'll get a chance to use your
manipulators to line this up so it looks nice.
Let me show you the file itself it's called responses not text.
And there it is.
You can add data to this and test it all you like.
There is no test case right now with a 0 so you might want to add that as well.
And that's about it.
You can find it in the section 19 workspace in the challenge underscore to project.
There's also a challenge underscore to underscore solution project which is when we're going to talk
about in the next video where I'll show you my solution.
So have fun add fields to it if you like.
Change the length of the answers right now the quizzes only 5 questions can change that around if you
like.
Like I said to the base challenge and then just have fun and learn from it.
All right.
So I'll see you in the next video and I'll show you a solution.